# EE658
1. Project description

In this project you will implement ATPG and fault simulator for combinational circuits. Each team should

implements two different ATPGs, two different fault simulators, and one preprocessor. The required

functionalities of each component are shown below:

 Preprocessor

1) Reads the given circuit and establishes data structures required for other tasks in this project.

2) Generates a complete single stuck-at-fault fault list for the given circuit.

3) Performs fault collapsing (fault dominance and equivalence) and generates collapsed fault list.

 Test pattern generators

1) One person in your team should implement D-algorithm and another one should implement

PODEM.

2) Each ATPG generates test vectors for the faults (in the fault list) generated by the preprocessor.

 Fault simulators

1) One person in your team should implement parallel fault simulator and another one should

implement deductive fault simulator.

2) Each simulator verifies whether the given test vector can detect the targeted fault or not. You

can use your fault simulator to verify the correctness of your ATPGs.

2. Circuits and circuit format

Combinational circuits are used in this project. Circuits in this project consist of primitive logic gates and

have the same format as described in the parser program (HW2). Additional ISCAS benchmark circuit will

be provided. Note that the order of each circuit element (i.e., gate, PI, etc.) in circuit files does not

necessarily follow the order of each component’s outline number.

3. System requirements and programming platform

All components should be integrated together (e.g. using scripts). It means any component must be

evoked through the same command. You can decide what programing language you will use for each

component, just make sure the aludra server can run it. You will show and run your working code during

demo.

4. System performance and result reporting

 Performance measurement:

Perform timing measurement for the system, as well as each task (i.e., test generators, fault

simulators, etc.), by using time command available on servers (e.g. aludra). See the example

below:

[username@viterbi-scf1 ~]$ time test_system c17.ckt

0.644u 0.083s 0:02.81 25.6% 0+0k 0+0io 0pf+0w

[username @viterbi-scf1 ~]$

The example uses time command to measure the runtime of the program test_system to produce the

test vectors for circuit c17. Time program returns CPU time in user mode as 0.644u, CPU time in system

mode as 0.083 second, and elapsed time as 2.81 second.

Measured performance and execution results should be reported as follows:

 Overall system

Circuit User time System time User+System time Elapsed time Coverage

C17 0.664 0.083 0.747 2.81 Number of detected SAF/Number SAF in

...

 Preprocessor

Circuit User time System time User+System time Elapsed time Full fault list size Collapsed fault list size

C17 ... ... ... ... Number of faults in

...

 ATPG: PODEM or D-algorithm. Report time used for test generation on the list of collapsed

faults from preprocessor

Circuit User time System time User+System time Elapsed time Received fault

C17 ... ... ... ... ... ...

...

 Fault simulator: Parallel or deductive

Circuit User time System time User+System time Elapsed time Coverage

C17 ... ... ... ... ...

...

Note that each task should generate an output to be read by other task. For example, preprocessor will

write the fault list into an output file (for example, a text file) and ATPG reads from it to generate test

vectors. Then ATPG writes the test vector for each fault into another file. Finally, fault simulator reads

the output of ATPG and generates the output of the given circuit for each test vector and fault. Each

team can design their own format for the communication.

the circuits

the list

5. What to submit

1. A comprehensive softcopy report (PDF format), including performance measurement tables, the

implementation of each feature, discussion, etc. You should highlight how the algorithms are

implemented in your code, instead of copy-pasting all your code or generic descriptions from

lecture slides/text book. The report (only PDF format is accepted) should be submitted through

D2L corresponding submission link before the due.

2. All essential files for the project should be archived into one zip file, no sub-directory in the file.

The zip file should be named as “group-group#.zip” (e.g., group-12.zip). Within the zip file:

a. A readme file (README.txt) describing how to compile and execute your programs

b. Source code of all programs, named as “feature-algorithm.c” (e.g., ATPG-D.c). All source

code should contain the info (name, group#) of the author.

The zip file should be submitted to D2L course website before due.
